You're so clever.
Why don't you sleep with your clothes on?
Good night.
You're so mean.
I thought you were talking.
You're snoring.
Did you sleep?
Don't do anything bad.
You're snoring.
You're so naughty.
Go to sleep.
You'll sleep.
You're so naughty.
Good night.
Who are you?
I'm a man.
I'm Tanuki.
I'm sorry.
You're so naughty.
I made you a drink.
Don't do anything bad.
Don't make fun of me.
I don't have rice.
I'm sorry.
I'm looking for a rice cooker.
I'll give you rice.
You can eat rice.
You're a rice cooker?
I'm a rice cooker.
I see.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
I owe you a rice cooker.
I'll use it as a rice cooker.
It's not good.
It's a rice cooker.
Let's do it like this.
I'll pay.
You're so good.
You'll pay five yen.
I'll pay for it.
I can't pay.
You'll pay.
Look at me.
I'm so big.
I can't pay.
I'll pay more.
Good.
You're so big.
I can't pay.
I'm so big.
Let's do it.
No, don't do that.
Don't do that.
Where do you think you're going?
Hold on.
I'm coming.
Wait a minute.
Yes, I am in Chijimiya, brown appears to be gynecomastinis and gynecomastodus here.
I have brought the money I have paid it.
Please receive the money.
The rest are yours.
I think it is better to make it.
I don't know.
Here you go.
Don't turn it too much.
It's going to spin.
It's all right.
You won't get a hair cut.
You don't have to know.
Go home, you idiot.
You're so relaxed.
You should have brought a small room.
If you do, you should have brought it.
I'm going to go.
Oh, Kujita.
What's wrong?
You said something strange.
You did a lot of things.
But you ran away from the side of the river.
You must have had a hard time.
There are three cards in the river.
You brought it back.
You're a thief.
I'm sorry.